Update sending-emails-with-triggers-in-master-data-v2.md (#332)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Master-Data/guides/sending-emails-with-triggers-in-master-data-v2.md

createdAt: "2022-08-03T14:48:49.642Z"
updatedAt: "2022-08-03T14:56:02.147Z"
---

There are two ways of sending emails automatically with Master Data v2 triggers:

- [Sending emails](#sending-emails)

> - [Sending emails using Message Center templates](#send-email-using-message-center-template)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Sending emails using Message Center templates](#sending-emails-using-message-center-templates)
```

>ℹ️ Learn more about triggers in the article [Setting up triggers in Master Data v2](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/setting-up-triggers-in-master-data-v2).

## Sending emails

> This is the more direct method of sending emails with Master Data v2 triggers, but without the standardization provided by [Message Center templates](#send-email-using-message-center-template).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the more direct method of sending emails with Master Data v2 triggers, but without the standardization provided by [Message Center templates](#sending-emails-using-message-center-templates).
```

There are two ways of sending emails automatically with Master Data v2 triggers:

- [Sending emails](#sending-emails)

> - [Sending emails using Message Center templates](#send-email-using-message-center-templates)

Reviewer: Aqui o # não tem que ser igual ao título da section (linha 60) para funcionar? Por isso a sugestão de mudar para `#sending-emails-using-message-center-templates`, a não ser que você altere o título na linha 60

> - [Sending emails using Message Center templates](#send-email-using-message-center-templates)

Reviewer: Aqui o `#` não tem que ser igual ao título da section (linha 60) para funcionar?

Por isso a sugestão de mudar para `#sending-emails-using-message-center-templates`, a não ser que você altere o título na linha 60

>ℹ️ Learn more about triggers in the article [Setting up triggers in Master Data v2](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/setting-up-triggers-in-master-data-v2).

## Sending emails

> This is the more direct method of sending emails with Master Data v2 triggers, but without the standardization provided by [Message Center templates](#send-email-using-message-center-templates).

Reviewer: Mesma coisa do comentário anterior, acho que só funciona se for `#sending-emails-using-message-center-templates`, a não ser que você altere o título na linha 60

Author: Eita! Desatenção besta. Obrigado pela dica 😅

| body*       | the message body |

> | bcc       | address collection that contains the blind carbon copy (BCC) |

Reviewer: Vale revisar as descrições dessa tabela de acordo com as sugestões da nova tabela (L66 a 76)

Reviewer: Seria bom adicionar o tipo de campo de cada propriedade também, apesar do exemplo já ilustrar isso

        } 
      ]
    }
```

## Sending emails using Message Center templates

> See below how to set up a trigger to send emails using a [Message Center](https://help.vtex.com/pt/tutorial/conhecendo-o-message-center--tutorials_84) template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See below how to set up a trigger to send emails using a [Message Center](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/understanding-the-message-center--tutorials_84) template.
```

### Properties

| Field     | Description     |
| ---------- | ---------- |
| type*       | The action type must be `t-email` |
| template*       | Name of the Message Center template |
| provider*       | Message Center provider name (usually named as `default`) |

> | from*       | define name and email of from address |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| from*       | Name and email address of sender |
```

> | from*       | define name and email of from address |

Reviewer: No exemplo de JSON schema que vem depois, não tem `from`. É opcional?

Author: É sim! Obrigado. Tirei o `*`.

> | to*       | list of emails that email will be sended |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| to*       | List of email addresses that will receive the message |
```

> | replyTo*       | list of addresses to reply |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| replyTo*       | Email address for replies |
```

Reviewer: Pelo exemplo, aqui parece ser uma string, então acho que deixar List fica confuso

> | subject*       | subject line for this e-mail |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| subject*       | Email subject |
```

> | body*       | the message body |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| body*       | Email message |
```

> | bcc       | address collection that contains the blind carbon copy (BCC) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| bcc       | List of email addresses that will receive a blind carbon copy (BCC) of the message |
```
